now obviously you know most people know
you've know from Captain America but
you've directed as well.you is this is
you you know you've done smaller movies
like well this one gifted are you is
that something you're looking to explore
more roles like that yeah yeah I think
you know what I'm really looking for is
one of those one of those gritty Oscar
caliber biopics you know you really kind
of lose yourself in a character like so
oh I could see you doing that yeah like
like yeah like is there somebody you
have in mind somebody you would like to
play wow I mean it's tough because all
the best personalities that movies made
about them so I opinion I think what you
got to do is go out and find the person
yourself and and that's exactly what I
dig it on buddy up and whatever yeah I
found I found
oh yeah actually I think it's you
tonight I I think what do you mean area
is right there that guy over there pink
shirt pink shirt yeah wait a minute let
me this is a guy you want to play that's
the guy that's the guy that's Jenna me
yeah I'm playing you buddy
what's your name Dennis Dennis yeah name
is Dennis Baker been falling around for
about six weeks now and I just you know
I really got inside do you have Chuck
yeah I mean it's been a while now but I
know how Dennis sleeps how he eats I
just I think the more you lose yourself
in roles are the more they acknowledge
it so yeah everything everything about
you I know now have you been stalking me
no I've been researching you Dennis it
is it is different for a cinema and you
know I knew you'd be here I read the
email so as a treat I thought I would
read his emails
well of course Jimmy I'm committed okay
yeah very sweet and I thought as a tree
to everyone and mostly to Dennis I
brought the trailer the trailer or the
filming of the movie
we even dive in and we have a nice
snippet enough to show you I love to see
you do yeah yeah let's take a look
Christian audiences have spoken Chris
Evans delivers the performance of a
generation and Dennis a broken pathetic
shell on a man with nothing to live for
a portrait of failure approval
soul-crushing grooms into an empty
wasted life a man undeserving of love or
human touch itself you have a bad penis
I know a tour de force of tragedy and
war Jewish Sabbath an unbearable Rock
bomb despair that was a that was a great
performance I'd even say I go so far as
to say thank you you're welcome
I have one question Dennis did you like
it
not really
really can I ask why you made me look
like a goober now what Dennis made me be
grateful that Chris told this beautiful
story about your life instead of
criticizing every little thing he does I
kind of feel like you're being selfish
Nana how do you know that's how he is
that's how Dennis is Dennis you want to
apologize to Chris I am sorry
Chris thank you very much miss Evans
everybody
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and it did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares